BIO

Hi, my name is David! I am a 3rd year student at Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing (also known as FER) in Zagreb. Since I was a kid, I have always been fascinated with computers and how they work. Today, when I have some very little idea what is happening behind the curtain, I am looking to start and build my career as a software developer. Although, as far as I'm concerned, any job/internship in fields that include computing would suit me well. Outside of my schooling and business aspirations, I am really into sports and fitness. Perfect way for me to disconnect and take a break is by watching and playing sports, or having a good workout.

Tools, Technologies & Skills

C/C++

I have written my first lines of code in C language and that was a start of a beautiful journey. Also, I have used a little bit of C++ when learning about Algorithms and Data Structures.


Java

I can't say I know a lot of Java, but it was the language I used when I was learning and using object oriented concepts for the first time.

HTML & CSS

Foundation of every web site. When I first learned basics of HTML and CSS in highschool, I couldn't believe that web world was that "simple". I still can't believe how much stuff you can build using only those two.

Bootstrap

Talking about CSS, Bootstrap is a very easy and powerful CSS component framework I have used. Also, I am familiar with utility frameworks such as Tailwind, but didn't use it as much.

JavaScript

I rembember several years ago I wondered what was the difference beetween Java and JavaScript. Luckily, today I know that JavaScript is a script language and one skill you can't live without if you are working in web development. I always stick to it, but I would love to learn TypeScript also.

Vue.js

Really great front end framework which I enjoyed using while making a single page web application.

Node.js

My first steps in the world of back end development. I haven't really used it that much, only for laboratory excercises at university.

PostgreSQL

Very simple tool for managing databases. I don't have that much experience in it, but I used it in some occasions.

Visual Studio Code

Nothing much to say here. For me, and I believe for many developers out there, definetly an IDE of choice. Plugins make your coding experience much more enjoyable, and IDE itself has a really good debugger.

Git

Very important system in the world of software developing. One year ago I thought terms "push" and "pull" very only used in gym and fitness scenarios, and that you have to "commit" when you are in a relationship... Little did I know, I would use those terms very frequently in a very different environment.

 